README.md, before:

# punching-slack-bolt-lambda

Sample project to run slack framework bolt with Typescript on AWS Lambda managed by Serverless Framework

```bash
# node 10.13+ required
# 0) Create a new project with this template
yarn global add serverless
serverless create \
  --template-url https://github.com/irongineer/punching-slack-bolt-lambda/tree/master \
  --path punching-slack-bolt-lambda

# 1) Slack App Configuration
# Go to https://api.slack.com/apps
#   - Create a Slash Command named `/clock` in 'Slash Commands' tab (Request URL can be a dummy)
#   - Create a Global Shortcut named `Clock Time Record` and Callback ID `clock` in 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' tab (Request URL can be a dummy)
#   - Create a bot user @{bot-name} in 'App Home' Tab
#   - Add bot scopes `chat:write` in 'OAuth & Permissions' tab
#   - Add user scopes `profile:write` in 'OAuth & Permissions' tab
#   - Install the app to your workspace in 'OAuth & Permissions' tab
#   - Get Environment Variables from 'Basic Information' and 'OAuth & Permissions' tab

# 2) App Setup
yarn global add serverless
yarn
cp _env .env
vi .env
# Set Environment Variables
#   - SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET
#   - SLACK_APP_ID
#   - SLACK_BOT_TOKEN
#   - SLACK_USER_TOKEN
source .env

# 3) Local Development
sls offline # local dev
ngrok http 3000 # on another terminal window

# Update the Request URL for the 'Slash Commands' and 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' with the ngrok URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxxx.ngrok.io/dev/slack/events

# 4) Make sure it works on Slack
#   1. Add app to a target channel for sharing punching
#   2. Try punching commands below
#     - `Clock Time Record` on Global Shortcuts
#     - `/clock` on Slash Commands
#   3. Check it works
#     - Open the punching modal
#     - Punch a time record you clicked action button
#     - Change to the status according to the selected time record type
#     - Post your time record to you ad Direct Message
#     - Share your time record to the channel you selected

# 5) Deploy to AWS
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxx  # Skip if you have already completed `aws configure`
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=yyy  # Skip if you have already completed `aws configure`
sls deploy

# Update the Request URL for the 'Slash Commands' and 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' with the deployed AWS URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/dev/slack/events
```

Commit message:

Fix README & _env for oauth-install

README.md, after:

# punching-slack-bolt-lambda

Sample project to run slack framework bolt with Typescript on AWS Lambda managed by Serverless Framework

```bash
# node 10.13+ required
# 0) Create a new project with this template
yarn global add serverless
serverless create \
  --template-url https://github.com/irongineer/punching-slack-bolt-lambda/tree/oauth-install \
  --path punching-slack-bolt-lambda

# 1) Slack App Configuration
# Go to https://api.slack.com/apps
#   - Create a Slash Command named `/clock` in 'Slash Commands' tab (Request URL can be a dummy)
#   - Create a Global Shortcut named `Clock Time Record` and Callback ID `clock` in 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' tab (Request URL can be a dummy)
#   - Add a Redirect Url in 'OAuth & Permissions' tab (Redirect URL can be a dummy)
#   - Create a bot user @{bot-name} in 'App Home' Tab
#   - Click the Activate Public Distribution button in 'Manage distribution' tab (cf. https://api.slack.com/start/distributing/public#enabling)
#   - Get Environment Variables from 'Basic Information' tab

# 2) App Setup
yarn global add serverless
yarn
cp _env .env
vi .env
# Set Environment Variables
#   - SLACK_SIGNING_SECRET
#   - SLACK_APP_ID
#   - SLACK_CLIENT_ID
#   - SLACK_CLIENT_SECRET
source .env

# 3) Local Development
sls offline # local dev
ngrok http 3000 # on another terminal window

# Update the Request URL for the 'Slash Commands' and 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' with the ngrok URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxxx.ngrok.io/dev/slack/events
# Update the Request URL for the 'Install' with the ngrok URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxxx.ngrok.io/dev/slack/install
# Update the Redirect URL for the 'Redirect URLs' with the ngrok URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxxx.ngrok.io/dev/slack/oauth_redirect

# 4) Make sure it works on Slack
#  Install your app from `Add to Slack` button by accessing `/slack/install` endpoint
#  Redirect to `/slack/oauth_redirect` endpoint after installing your app
#  After install, check it works
#   1. Add app to a target channel for sharing punching
#   2. Try punching commands below
#     - `Clock Time Record` on Global Shortcuts
#     - `/clock` on Slash Commands
#   3. Check it works
#     - Open the punching modal
#     - Punch a time record you clicked action button
#     - Change to the status according to the selected time record type
#     - Post your time record to you ad Direct Message
#     - Share your time record to the channel you selected

# 5) Deploy to AWS
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=xxx  # Skip if you have already completed `aws configure`
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=yyy  # Skip if you have already completed `aws configure`
sls deploy

# Update the Request URL for the 'Slash Commands' and 'Interactivity & Shortcuts' with the deployed AWS URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/dev/slack/events
# Update the Request URL for the 'Install' with the deployed AWS URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/dev/slack/install
# Update the Redirect URL for the 'Redirect URLs' with the deployed AWS URL
# ex) https://xxxxxxxxxx.execute-api.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com/dev/slack/oauth_redirect
```
